README.md, before:

# EMS - Editorial Management System

The EMS is a management system that can be used as an engine for any blog or website rolled out on Rails.

## Architecture

As mentioned before, the EMS is contained within a mountable engine. For more information on mountable engines please
visit http://guides.rubyonrails.org/engines.html

### Authentication and Ability management
Authentication

* Editor
* Author

The editor is the only ability with which you can post publications. The author is only able to curate and draft
publications. The actual task of setting these live is left to the Editor. This enables the editor to review any content
about to go live.

To enable the CanCan ability management add the following to your authentications user model:

`has_and_belongs_to_many :ems_roles`

### Installation:

To install the EMS simply follow these steps:

1.  include the EMS as a dependency in your Gemfile:  
`gem 'ems', :git => 'git://github.com/thebeansgroup/ems.git'`

2.  mount the engine in your applications `config/routes.rb`  
`mount Ems::Engine => "/ems"`

3.  install the engines migrations:  
`rake ems:install:migrations`

Commit message:

adding authentication and ability management and enabling it
Please check the users fixture in the dummy app for login details.

README.md, after:

# EMS - Editorial Management System

The EMS is a management system that can be used as an engine for any blog or website rolled out on Rails.

## Architecture

As mentioned before, the EMS is contained within a mountable engine. For more information on mountable engines please
visit http://guides.rubyonrails.org/engines.html

### Authentication and Ability management
Authentication, currently the EMS only supports the editors ability, when needed other abilities can be easily added.
The Editor is the _super_ user of the EMS.

* Editor
* Author

The editor is the only ability with which you can post publications. The author is only able to curate and draft
publications. The actual task of setting these live is left to the Editor. This enables the editor to review any content
about to go live.

To enable the CanCan ability management add the following to your authentications user model:

`has_and_belongs_to_many :ems_roles`

### Installation:

To install the EMS simply follow these steps:

1.  include the EMS as a dependency in your Gemfile:  
`gem 'ems', :git => 'git://github.com/thebeansgroup/ems.git'`

2.  mount the engine in your applications `config/routes.rb`  
`mount Ems::Engine => "/ems"`

3.  install the engines migrations:  
`rake ems:install:migrations`
